[SPARK-39904][SQL] Rename inferDate to prefersDate and clarify semantics of the option in CSV data source (#37327)
apache/spark: docs/sql-data-sources-csv.md

    <td>read</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>

>     <td><code>preferDate</code></td>
>     <td>false</td>
>     <td>Whether or not to infer columns that satisfy the <code>dateFormat</code> option as <code>Date</code>. Requires <code>inferSchema</code> to be <code>true</code>. When <code>false</code>, columns with dates will be inferred as <code>String</code> (or as <code>Timestamp</code> if it fits the <code>timestampFormat</code>).</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td><code>preferDate</code></td>
    <td>false</td>
    <td>Whether or not to infer columns that satisfy the <code>dateFormat</code> option as <code>Date</code>. Inference requires <code>inferSchema</code> to be <code>true</code>. When <code>false</code>, columns with dates will be inferred as <code>String</code> (or as <code>Timestamp</code> if it fits the <code>timestampFormat</code>). When <code>true</code>, the parser will attempt entries in timestamp columns as DateType before other fallbacks</td>
```

What do you think of the following docs change to clarify the behavior? @cloud-fan @HyukjinKwon

    <td>read</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>

>     <td><code>inferDate</code></td>

Reviewer 2: qq are we going to keep the name as is? If we parse them as dates (or timestamps) when user specify the schema, I think it makes more sense to rename it to `prefersDate`

Author: Yes, let's change the name to `prefersDate` since we are not going to throw an exception when the schema inference is disabled.

Author: Personally, I would prefer `preferDate` instead of `prefersDate` but the latter would be consistent with JSON option `prefersDecimal` so it is fine.

    <td>false</td>

>     <td>Attempts to infer string columns as <code>Date</code> if the values satisfy <code>dateFormat</code> option and failed to be parsed by the respective formatter during schema inference (<code>inferSchema</code>). When used in conjunction with a user-provided schema, attempts to parse timestamp columns as dates using <code>dateFormat</code> if they fail to conform to <code>timestampFormat</code>, the parsed values will be cast to timestamp type afterwards.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <td>During schema inference (<code>inferSchema</code>), attempts to infer string columns that contain dates or timestamps as <code>Date</code> if the values satisfy the <code>dateFormat</code> option and failed to be parsed by the respective formatter. Attempts to parse timestamp columns as dates using <code>dateFormat</code> if they fail to conform to <code>timestampFormat</code>. The parsed values will be cast to timestamp type afterwards.</td>
```

1. Re-order sentence for readability
2. Removed: "When used in conjunction with a user-provided schema" because parsing timestamp columns as dates happens regardless of whether there is a user-provided schema
3. Split sentence at comma for readabilityWhen used in conjunction with a user-provided schema

Author: I would still prefer to keep the change for user-provided schema. There is a different behaviour when schema inference or providing one. During the former, string columns would be converted to dates but in the latter they would be kept as timestamp columns.

Author: Let me update and we can discuss further.

Author: I updated the text, essentially kept your suggestions and just inserted "With a user-provided schema". Can you take another look? Thanks.

Reviewer: I see, that makes sense. In my opinion, it is more confusing for the reader. But LGTM

Author: Yes, thanks. I just wanted to clarify the behaviour around user-provided schema as opposed to schema inference to remove any ambiguity that would arise from users.

>     <td>Attempts to infer string columns that contain dates or timestamps as <code>Date</code> if the values satisfy <code>dateFormat</code> option and failed to be parsed by the respective formatter during schema inference (<code>inferSchema</code>). When used in conjunction with a user-provided schema, attempts parse timestamp columns as dates using <code>dateFormat</code> if they fail to conform to <code>timestampFormat</code>, the parsed values will be cast to timestamp type afterwards.</td>

Reviewer 3: `contain dates or timestamps` reads a bit confusing. How about just `... infer string columns as Date ...`

Reviewer 3: How to understand `failed to be parsed by the respective formatter`?

Author: Let me update.

>     <td>Attempts to infer string columns that contain dates or timestamps as <code>Date</code> if the values satisfy <code>dateFormat</code> option and failed to be parsed by the respective formatter during schema inference (<code>inferSchema</code>). When used in conjunction with a user-provided schema, attempts parse timestamp columns as dates using <code>dateFormat</code> if they fail to conform to <code>timestampFormat</code>, the parsed values will be cast to timestamp type afterwards.</td>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    <td>Attempts to infer string columns that contain dates or timestamps as <code>Date</code> if the values satisfy <code>dateFormat</code> option and failed to be parsed by the respective formatter during schema inference (<code>inferSchema</code>). When used in conjunction with a user-provided schema, attempts to parse timestamp columns as dates using <code>dateFormat</code> if they fail to conform to <code>timestampFormat</code>, the parsed values will be cast to timestamp type afterwards.</td>
```

Author: Updated, thanks.
